---
title: Working with Me
date: "2022-06-01"
layout: ../../layouts/Post.astro
---

Inspired from [“Working with me” / README template for individual contributors](https://amy.dev/?p=979)

---

> In a remote-first environment

### Communication & Collaboration

> I like clear & brief **written** communication when discussing things. I hate unnecessary notifications.

- I prefer Slack (or any similar app with channels & threads) as my communication channel.
- Don't send multiple text messages for a single thing.
- Please use threads. All relevant discussion on a topic in a small time-frame should stay in a single thread.
- Don't ping me for comments on docs & PR reviews unless it's time sensitive (I already get notifications on email).
- [Please Don’t Just Say Hello In Chat](https://sbmueller.github.io/nohello/)
  - On a similar note, don't ask me if I'm free some time without telling me what for.
- If it's not in my todo list, I'll forget about it. Please create a ticket or remind me to do it.
- Open Discussions by default. I prefer keeping discussions on open, relevant channels whenever possible.
- No small talk please. Let's get straight to work.
- Don't say you need something ASAP unless I'm supposed to do this right now and you've checked in with others. Everything else is just normal time.

### On Meetings

- Preferably scheduled a day (or at least a few hours) in advance.
- Should have an agenda doc with a clear objective sent to all participants.
- Has a designated person for taking notes who shares them at the end of the meeting.
- Meeting minutes always have action items for relevant people.
- Rescheduling is fine as long as you DM me before it starts.
- I don't like meetings running over-time by more than 30 minutes.
- If I attached a large doc to an agenda and you haven't read it yet, please inform me to reschedule the meeting.

### Feedback (Suggestions for Improvement)

- Best way to provide me feedback is by sending me a doc with specific items a few days before we schedule a 1 on 1.
  - This gives me ample time to come up with action items for improvements on various points.
- Any feedback from me is usually going to be very direct and I won't sugar-coat things. I'll always try to provide constructive feedback with specific suggestions. I hate generic, hand-wavy advice that can't be acted upon.
